Get to Know the Salesforce Developer Role


What’s a Salesforce Developer?


A Salesforce developer knows how to build solutions for a concrete enterprise business problem using Salesforce technologies. They can analyze and understand business requirements, and choose the best solution from low-code and code Salesforce technologies. They use these technologies to build high-quality solutions that perform well in a cloud environment and integrate with external systems.


Required Skills


Technical skills :
Low-code automation
Data modeling
Programming languages
Unit testing
Design patterns
APIs and integration
DevOps and CI/CD
Agile Methodologies




Soft skills : 
Capacity to analyze and understand business requirements
Ability to select the best technologies from those available, given a concrete business problem
Interpersonal communication skills, to communicate smoothly with all the actors involved in the different development stages
Enthusiasm for building performant, high-quality solutions that perform well and can scale in a cloud environment
Learning and innovation skills, to cope with the speed at which Salesforce delivers new features


Common Salesforce Developer Roles 

Agentforce Platform Developer:--  Builds and customizes Salesforce apps using tools, Apex, and Lightning Web Components. Creates business websites and automation features.
Agentforce Commerce Developer:--  Develops online shopping and e-commerce websites using Salesforce Commerce tools and frameworks like React.
Agentforce Marketing Engagement Developer:--  Automates marketing tasks such as emails, notifications, and campaigns using APIs and marketing tools.
Agentforce Slack Developer :--  Creates Slack apps and connects Slack with Salesforce for better communication and workflow automation.
Agentforce MuleSoft Developer:--  Connects Salesforce with other applications and systems using APIs and integration tools.
Agentforce Tableau Developer:--  Builds dashboards, reports, and data visualizations by integrating and analyzing data from different sources.


Platform Developer → Builds Salesforce applications
Commerce Developer → Builds shopping websites
Marketing Developer → Automates marketing work
Slack Developer → Creates Slack integrations/apps
MuleSoft Developer → Connects different systems
Tableau Developer → Creates reports and analytics dashboards