Create a Trailhead Playground


What Is a Trailhead Playground?


A Trailhead Playground is an org you can use to complete hands-on challenges and try out new features and customizations. Much like a real playground, a Trailhead Playground lets you play around and make customizations without impacting anything else (in this case, your production org).

The only difference is that in a playground, playing means swinging from the monkey bars and riding the merry-go-round. In a Trailhead Playground, it means writing Lightning web components and creating custom objects. Which, if you ask us, is just as fun!

You can do almost anything to your Trailhead Playground, and it comes with a set of Trailhead-specific data that you can use when completing challenges. Trailhead Playgrounds have some limits, but for the most part they give you the same customization options as a production org. And although you can outgrow a real-life playground, your Trailhead Playground never expires, as long as you keep using it.


Difference Between Trailhead Playground and a Developer Edition Org



If you’re used to trying out new Salesforce features and playing around in a development environment, you might already have a Developer Edition (DE) org. A DE org is an org that we provide for free to test new features and implementations in Salesforce without affecting a production org.

A Trailhead Playground is a DE org, but specifically for Trailhead. Trailhead Playgrounds come with Trailhead-specific data, and a pre-installed package that we use to test your hands-on challenges. Trailhead Playgrounds also include tools to make some of the tasks you’ll find yourself completing often easier, such as finding your username and resetting your password, and installing managed packages.


Create Your First Trailhead Playground


At the bottom of the page, find the hands-on challenge section and click the Create Playground button. After a brief setup process, your Trailhead Playground is ready to help you complete hands-on challenges.
In every hands-on challenge and project step verification, you see the name of a hands-on org and a Launch button. Trailhead automatically chooses your most recently used org or, if you've tried the challenge before, the org you last used for that particular challenge.




To create a new Trailhead Playground, click the name of your org and click Create Playground. Give your playground a name, click Create, and that’s it! Now you have an org that you can use to complete hands-on challenges and projects, and test new features and code

f you're using Trailhead in a language other than English, make sure that your playground is set to the same language as the hands-on challenge. Otherwise you may run into issues passing challenges.

//image

we can launch the trailhead playground and it will be opened in the new tab in the browser.


What If a Badge Asks Me to Create a Different Kind of Org?

As you earn more badges, you might notice that some modules and projects use features that aren’t available in just any Trailhead Playground. In these modules, you have to sign up for a feature-specific trial DE org. If you’re working through the Fundraise with Nonprofit Success Pack trail to learn about the Salesforce Nonprofit Success Pack.

If you’re completing a hands-on challenge in a trial org, connect it to Trailhead as you would any other Developer Edition (DE) org: Click the name of your org in the hands-on challenge, click Connect org, and enter the credentials for your trial org.




