

Get Your Trailhead Playground Username and Password

Get Your Username and Reset Your Password

Most of the time, you won’t need to know the username and password of your Trailhead Playground. When a Trailhead Playground is linked to your Trailhead account, you can launch it with the click of a button, without logging in to it. You don’t even need to choose a username or fill out any information to create a new Trailhead Playground. You do need your username and password every once in a while, however.

In most Trailhead Playgrounds, it’s easy to reset your password. First, launch your Trailhead Playground by clicking Launch from any hands-on challenge (such as the one in the last unit of this module). If you see a tab in your playground that says Get Your Login Credentials, great! Follow the steps in the Your Playground Has the Playground Starter App section below.


If not, click App Launcher to launch the App Launcher, then click Playground Starter and keep reading. If you don’t see the Playground Starter app, that’s OK—skip to the Your Playground Doesn’t Have the Playground Starter App section.

Your Playground Has the Playground Starter App

1. Click the Get Your Login Credentials tab. Here you can see your Trailhead Playground username.
2. Click Reset My Password. This sends an email to the address associated with your username.
3. Click the link in the email.


Enter a new password, confirm it, and click Change Password.

Your Playground Doesn’t Have the Playground Starter App

1. Launch your Trailhead Playground by clicking Launch from any hands-on challenge (such as the one in the last unit of this module).
2. Click Setup and select Setup.
3. Enter UsersCopy in Quick Find and select Users.
4. Locate your name on the list of users. Check the box next to your name. Take note of the username. This is the username for your Trailhead Playground.
5. Click Reset Password(s) and OK. This sends an email to the email address associated with your username. Be sure to check your spam folder if you don't see the email.
6. Click the link in the email.
Enter a new password, confirm it, and click Change Password.

Connect, Disconnect, or Rename a Trailhead Playground

Once you’re a seasoned Trailhead user, you might have more than one Trailhead Playground. Say you’re completing a superbadge, for example, and you want to start clean in a new org. Or maybe you have an existing Developer Edition org that you want to connect to your Trailhead account.
And also you can connect and Disconnect to trailhead playground to keep yourself.



