How Salesforce Values Drive a Platform for Change


Salesforce Values
At Salesforce, we put our values into everything we do. Salesforce has five core values.

Trust: Trust is our number one value. Nothing is more important than the trust of our customers—and all stakeholders. We deliver trusted infrastructure and communicate openly.
Customer Success: We know that we succeed when our customers succeed, so since day one, we’ve built a company around delivering customer success.
Innovation: We empower Trailblazers with technology to succeed in the Fourth Industrial Revolution, and we incorporate the latest innovations into our products three times a year so that our customers can stay ahead in their industries.
Equality: We believe that equality and diversity make us a better company and community. We respect and value employees from every background.


The Customer Experience

Salesforce brings companies and customers together. We provide customer relationship management (CRM) tools to engage with customers during every interaction they have with your company, whether you’re a small business or a large one. Customer expectations have increased dramatically in recent years, and Salesforce products allow you to create the best possible experience for your customers.

Customers want to take a unified journey with your company. And you can give them what they need, exactly when they need it with Salesforce products. This means seeing the right ads at the right time, connecting with knowledgeable salespeople, and receiving personalized support and service throughout their journey. With Salesforce, you can provide all of these things at scale with our solutions for marketing, sales, service, and commerce.


Business As a Platform for Change

We show our commitment to business as a platform for change with the 1-1-1 model. Salesforce commits 1 percent of our employees’ time, 1 percent of our equity, and 1 percent of our product to nonprofits. Since Salesforce’s founding in 1999, we've given back millions of volunteer hours and millions of dollars in grants, and tens of thousands of nonprofits and education institutions have received our products.

And the 1-1-1 model doesn’t end with Salesforce: We’ve inspired thousands of companies across more than 100 countries to pledge 1 percent and join us on this journey.


